The problem of Xiaoyan's surgery fee has been solved
Now just waiting for the right words of caution
Where did you get the money?
It's from Yi Qiuchou
Yi Qiu went to gamble again
I knew it!
He will never be able to support the wall with mud
Mom doesn't cry
If dad bullies mom again
I bullied him when I grew up
Xiaoyan didn't gamble this autumn
He helped me issue intra-corporate bonds
I don't really understand corporate bonds either.
But he
Helped me raise 1 million in a few hours
Solved the funding problem in the factory
It also solves the problem of your medical expenses
1 million in a few hours
Yeah, but the money is borrowed
I'm also worried about how to return this 1.20 million a month later
I thought he changed the ball.
In the end, it's still up to you to wipe his ass
Well, it wouldn't be the first time
As long as I can save you
I'm willing to take on 1 million debt
Mr. Xia asked you to sell snacks
What are you doing with all this mess?
You don't understand this
Chinese New Year is coming soon.
New Year's gift box products
Is there still a gap in the market?
Let's make this New Year's gift box.
Sales must be very hot.
true or false?
What then?
Put some candy in the box
Guodan peel watermelon bubble gum
And shredded figs.
As for the price, let's set 9 yuan 9 first.
How much is the price?
9 yuan 9 you are crazy
That's it.
The total price is less than 2 yuan.
Priced at 9 yuan 9
Who's stupid to pay 10 bucks for this?
Maybe there are too many fools in this era
I don't agree with that.